# MineSweeper

The purpose of this project was to create a playable minesweeper game interface using three classes: Minesweeper, Gameboard and Cell. The Minesweeper class holds the main method and simply creates a gameboard instance and calls the method to run the program. The Gameboard class creates the gameboard array, populates the gameboard with mines, interacts with the user and controls the game logic. The Cell class holds the architecture of every cell on the gameboard being played and shows whether a guess has been made at that cell or not. 
The game is started with a welcoming introduction to the game and how the user interface will operate. The user is prompted for the cell contents, row, and column of their guess each individually. To guess that a mine is in a certain cell, the user would type in “mine” when prompted for the cell contents. Alternatively, to guess that a cell contains no mine, the user would type in “clean.” However, the way the code is written, any single word other than “mine,” “peek,” or “return” will indicate a guess that there is no mine. This continues with the board being displayed after every correct guess with the new cell contents being displayed, an “M” if a mine is in that cell, or an integer 1-8 telling how many mines are adjacent to that cell. If an incorrect guess is made, the user is informed of their incorrect guess and the program ends. If by chance the user wins the game they are given a congratulations before the program ends. If at any time the user wishes to reveal the hidden mines on the board, they just need to type “peek” when prompted for their guess for cell contents. To return to the normal playing board, the user can type in “return” when prompted for their guess for cell contents.
